mark svelte-kit package as experimental (#4164)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/11-packaging.md

title: Packaging
---

> > `svelte-kit package` is experimental, and may undergo breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `svelte-kit package` is currently experimental and is not subject to Semantic Versioning rules. Non-backward compatible changes or removal may occur in any future release.
```

> > `svelte-kit package` is experimental, and may undergo breaking changes.

Author: ```suggestion
> `svelte-kit package` is currently experimental and is not subject to Semantic Versioning rules. Non-backward compatible changes may occur in any future release.
```
